HTTP stands for Hypertext Transfer Protocol and it is pretty basics for almost all the web application. Specifically HTTP is a method, 
which computer and servers used to communicate and send information. The first usable version of HTTP was created in 1997. Because it 
went to several stages of developement and this first version is called as HTTP1.1. The version is still in use on the web. 2015, a 
reimagined version called HTTP/2 came into use, which offered several methods to decrease latency, especially when dealing with mobile 
platforms and server-intensive graphics and videos.

HTTP/1.1 Developed by Timothy Berners-Lee in 1989 as a communication standard for the World Wide Web, HTTP is a top-level application 
protocol that exchanges information between a client computer and a local or remote web server.In this process, a client sends a
text-based request to a server by calling a method like GET or POST. In response, the server sends a resource like an HTML page back to 
the client.

For example, let’s say you are visiting a website at the domain www.example.com. When you navigate to this URL, the web browser on your 
computer sends an HTTP request in the form of a text-based message, similar to the one shown here: GET /index.html HTTP/1.1 
Host: www.example.com The request uses the GET method, which asks for the data from the host server listed after HOST:. In responde to this 
request the example.com web server returns an HTML page to the requesting client, in addition to any images,stylesheets, or the other resources
called for in the HTML.Note that not all of the resources are returned to the client in the first call for data. The requests and responses
will go back and forth between the server and client until the web browser has received all the resources necessary to render the contents
of the HTML page on your screen. this exchange of requests and responses as a single application layer of the internet protocol stack,
sitting on top of the transfer layer (usually using the Transmission Control Protocol, or TCP) and networking layers (using the Internet 
Protocol, or IP).

HTTP 2 HTTP/2 began as the SPDY(SPEEDY) protocoL, developed primarily at the google with the intention of reducing web page load latency by 
using a technique such as compression, multiplexing, and prioritization. This protocol served as a template for HTTP2 when the when the 
Hypertext Transfer Protocol working group httpbis of the IETF (Internet Engineering Task Force) put the standard together, culminating in the
publication of HTTP/2 in May 2015.Due in part to this browser support, there has been a significant adoption rate of the protocol since 2015, 
with especially high rates among new sites. HTTP/2 works on the binary framing layer instead of textual that converts all the messages in binary 
format. it works on fully multiplexed that is one TCP connection is used for multiple requests. HTTP/2 uses HPACK which is used to split data 
from header. It compresses the header. The server sends all the other files like CSS & JS without the request of the client using the PUSH frame.